NCSDK-3416: fix gs assistant installation information (#1361)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: doc/nrf/getting_started.rst

Getting started
###############

> To quickly get started with the |NCS|, check the :ref:`gs_assistant` section to set up your development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly get started with the |NCS|, use the :ref:`Getting Started Assistant <gs_assistant>` to set up your development environment.
```
